``I'm interested in spending a semester or two at like a state school,'' said
Samuel, a few days after Christmas.  ``Do you think I'd be able to get credits?
I don't know if this makes sense.''

``Seems like a good idea to me,'' I said.  I was lying on my bedroom floor,
letting the sweat dry on my skin after a workout.  

``I can't really articulate why I want to go to state school while still
graduating from Yale.   Maybe it's intuitive, the reasoning behind it.'' 

``No, I get it,'' I said.  I thought about what I had hoped for in college, and
figured Samuel wanted to see himself through the eyes of normal American women,
and not be so stressed out by his classes.  Starting at a new school would let
him relive the fantasy of starting college again, going back in time. Samuel's
self-awareness about the ``stunt'' would also make it a good personal branding
experience.    

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

A few days later, I flew to Seattle for a software engineering interview at
Amazon.

When I got to my hotel, I felt happy and relaxed. It was warm enough to sit
outside and drink a Hot Toddy while I did some coding problems. 

My phone flashed.

``I'm considering taking a fifth class to increase the chances of graduating in
May 2018 with only six semesters on campus,'' said Samuel.  

``How do you feel about writing a few papers and some blog posts?  For ... 1k?
Basically, you'd be taking the class for me.  Do you want to pursue this?'' 

``Sure,'' I said, knowing I'd regret it.

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

I walked to the Amazon campus on a confusingly spring-like morning.  About
thirty of us were shown into a large conference room, split into groups of
three, and given laptops.  I tried to be social with the other interviewees,
even though almost everyone else was silent in a way that always reminded me of
videogame levels with soldiers standing in D-Day landing craft.

As we booted the old ThinkPads, someone went around giving each group a
laminated booklet detailing an involved programming problem. 

``You have until 3pm to finish your implementation,'' said the head interviewer.

We were in groups, but there was no meaningful way to work together on the
problem.  We'd be sitting next to each other awkwardly for the next five hours.

I felt a rush of rage and for a moment imagined myself standing up and walking
out of the interview.  I wondered what the consequences of that would be.  

Later, when I went to the bathroom, I heard shouting coming from outside.  I
pressed my face to the window, and saw that a small group of people was
protesting below.

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

On the way out of the Amazon building, I started talking with a confident Indian
guy who had mentioned being interested in graphics.  Some other interviewees
gravitated to us, and we walked downtown as a group, talking loudly.  I felt
releived.  One of the quieter guys was on yelp, trying to find a place for
dinner.

About a half hour later we ended up at an atmospheric Asian place.

``What's the daily food allowance?'' asked the guy from McGill. ``Sixty-five
dollars, right?''

The waitress brought us sashimi and warm saki.  The McGill guy was showing me
his mobile-optimized 3d engine.

``It's really close to the metal.  To optimize for mobile, I had to directly
open up the buffers and perform matrix operations.  Cool stuff.''

I discovered that one of the other guys also went to Cornell.  

``You did acid with your boss at Palantir?  That's terrifying.''

``What should we do with the rest of the money?  I've barely spent any.''

``Isn't weed legal here?'' I asked, or maybe one of the other interviewees
asked.


This would be my life.


When I arrived at the harbour, I walked for a moment.  The horizon seemed close,
and glassy bubbles welled up in the emerald Pacific Northwest water.  I thought
of the programmers at Microsoft working for the past twenty years in this
hydrated environment.  This would be a good place to write code.

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

It was bitterly cold back in Ithaca.

Before my first class, I went to the erg room for forty minutes of steady state.
I felt hopeful and clear-headed after, showering with my teammates.

When I got back to my locker, there was an email from my Amazon recruiter.  My
heart beat rapidly and my throat constricted.  "Thanks From Amazon" was the
subject.  It was a rejection.  What the hell, I thought percussively.  I read
through the email in disbelief.

I threw my phone onto the stack of clothes in my locker and started to get
dressed.  I'm totally willing to be in denial about this, I thought.  It doesn't
make sense.  Unbelievable.  I knew my code was good, I had written unit tests
for it.  

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

In my robotics class, the young professor told us to find a partner, and then
gave us five minutes to build a tower out of spaghetti, string, marshmellows,
and tape.  It was a competition.

My partner was one of the few non-Asian women in the class.  She looked tired
and effective, with a blemished face even though she seemed to be almost thirty.
We instantly began to have difficulty regarding the planning of our tower.  

I wanted to incorporate the string, she didn't think it'd help.  At some point
we started to build, and had a tower that seemed like it might be the second
tallest in the classroom, until it broke at the last second.

We joked about our tower uneasily, but it was obvious that we were secretly
blaming each other, and took these things seriously.

The professor told us that kindergarteners usually built taller towers than all
other groups besides engineers, because kindergarteners would instantly start
iterating, building tiny towers that failed, helping them gain an intuitive
understanding for the properties of spaghetti, marshmellows, and string. 

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

The Valentine's Day massacre, a 10k erg piece followed by a 3 mile run, was
always less painful than expected, possibly due to the feeling of running
through the pine forests of Ithaca in February.  It was relatively easy to get
into a consistent state of suffering in the quiet cold, 

That evening, I went to dinner with the woman from Robotics class.  We'd chosen
to work together.  It was now bitterly cold and windy.

We met at my favorite restaurant in the Commons.

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

coke, fight, blood

``Why is he fighting here,'' I asked.  ``There is no way he can win.'' 

The Asian guy took a few steps accross the grass towards Tom, raising his hands.

``You're a fucking pussy,'' said Tom quietly, smiling. 


ROBOT LAB

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}

``Don't get frantic about the cold; if God didn't punish us, we would just
punish ourselves even more,'' yelled Coach Terry.  It felt like skiing weather

I stuck one of my hands down my unisuit and underneath my balls.  ``You guys
have to commit,'' yelled Coach Terry.  ``You ever heard the story about the
chicken and the pig?'' ``No,'' said the coxswain.  ``A man makes his son a bacon
and egg breakfast.  The father asks his kid, what's the difference between the
bacon and the eggs?  The kid is like what, I don't know, and the father says:
``The chicken worked hard to make this breakfast.  But the pig, he was
committed.'' I tried to shake the seashells out of my loafers so I could at
least wear them back to campus. 

Bounding box.  the parameters for death.

``About 300 megabytes on each level load,'' said Cristian.  ``Christ,'' I said.
Mentally I imagined 300 medium-length novels.  ``The player has to be able to
see themselves die, or they won't know why they died.'' 

\plainfancybreak{12pt}{2}{* * *}


Pneumonia, drinking, spitting.  It was one of the happiest times I had during college.

It was painful to be a loser in their presence.  

``All of my friends that I admire seem to hate themselves pretty regularly,''
said Samuel placidly.  ``It's something I've come to accept,'' he said after I
didn't respond.

``I don't want to hate myself, it's fucking stupid and I'm sick of it,'' I said.  

``I think when you look back on rowing it will be very indistinct for you.'' For
the first time I considered the possibility that maybe Samuel was right, maybe I
should have quit two years ago.

Surprisingly, there was no seat racing on Monday morning, and I kept my seat in
the boat.  But on Tuesday...


I looked up at the hills above campus, knowing it might be the last time I rowed
in a serious way on Lake Cayuga.  Won by about a length of open water.  ``Yeah
'' 

I knew that despite the part of me that wanted to be like these warlike youth,
my equilibrium was being quietly manic on my computer, in the the place I'd
found myself in during spring break.  I cared more for the virtual text of any
given momment than I cared about winning or losing.  I had never really wanted
to exert myself like this, but of course I had been necessary to try.  I'd done
it to prove something to myself and others, and to some degree I'd be
successful, but now it was over and I still felt alone and unsuccessful.

I put on my rowing trou and a tank top, but on the way to the erg room the
heaviness in my throat won and I went to the bathroom.  A few lightweight
rowers were still there putting on sunscreen, so I went into one of the stalls.
Then I willed myself to start to crying heavily but silently, in a fully warm
and cathartic way.  

It was more bitter than I had hoped.  It was like many springs in middle school
and high school, 

``Come back to Donlon with us, we have some presents for you,'' said my mom. 

``Okay,'' I said.  

We made the long walk back to the dorms.  My grandfather said something about
how he remembered work seeming like a vacation after college, and that I could
start making real money now.

``I'm not so sure I'll be focusing on that, right after graduation,'' I said,
and immediately regretted it, thinking about him at my age, with a four year old
daughter.  He was silent.  My dad and I talked about my plans for the next
couple months.  I again had the feeling that my grandfather despised me, even if
he didn't know it himself.  I pushed the thought to the side, thoughts like that
weren't any good for a 23 year old.

Back at the dorm I sat around while my sisters changed.  I felt relaxed.

I opened presents from my aunt and great aunt first.  Both had given me \$100
checks.  I was surprised and happy.  My parents had given me new shoes.  They
would later send me an e-card for \$1000, saying they were proud of my hard
work.  

Finally I opened the present from my grandparents.  The card on the outside
contained a check for \$x000.  

``Thank you so much,'' I said, and started opening the actual present.  It was a
cheap blue plastic toolbox.  ``For your apartment,'' said Pop.  ''Open it.''

I opened up the toolbox.  There was a flimsy saw and light hammer.  A \$100 bill
was taped to the inside of the case.

``The best tool of all!'' said Pop loudly, reading the handwritten note attached
to the billfold.  I laughed.
